README.md, before:

# NESS - An open source finance platform

The goal of this project is going to provides a modularize framework, that user can customize platform with their own modules.

## Platform Architecture

The following figure describes the platform architecture of Ness:

![Platform Architecture of Ness](https://i.imgur.com/PVMCvtg.png)

Web framework is the top layer of this platform, it is generated by [Express](http://expressjs.com/) generator. The code sturcture of Ness is look like:

![Code Structure of Ness](https://i.imgur.com/A8wxXaF.png)

The **"views"** and **"public"** folders are the frontend of this platform, they contain the Javascripts, HTML files, CSS file, ... etc, present data for end users.

The **"routes"** and **"external_modules"** folders are the backend of this platform. The "routes" folder is the part of Express, it contains serval js files used to control and provides services. The "external_modules" folder contains the data loaders and data analyzers, these modules are written in different language, like Python, ... etc.

## Developer

- [Ku Chen-Hao](https://maple52046.github.io) <[maple52046@gmail.com](mailto:maple52046@gmail.com)>

Commit message:

Optimize code and support multi-strategy
Changelog:
1. Remove '/intraday' route and Grafana page

   Now, this project is focus on provide API server and data processing (loading and analyzing).
   We move the front end job to https://github.com/maple52046/ness-ui

2. Split strategy code:

   To support multi-strategy in feature, the '/strategy' route should not run strategy directly. Instead, the strategy should run in a independent function, and the '/strategy' route only forward request to that function, and response result to the request.

3. Optimize code, increase the code readability.

README.md, after:

# NESS - An open source finance platform

The goal of this project is going to provides a modularize framework, that user can customize platform with their own modules.

## Platform Architecture

The following figure describes the platform architecture of Ness:

![Platform Architecture of Ness](https://i.imgur.com/PVMCvtg.png)

The web framework is the core technology of this architecture. To serve end user, we provide front-end build with [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/) which is a powerful javascript framework focus on the view of web.

The front-end is split from this project to a new project: [ness-ui](https://github.com/maple52046/ness-ui). So, in this document, we will focus on the backend part.

The backend server is RESTful server developed with [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/), provides API for front-end to fetch stock data, analysis stock, ... etc.

Currently, the backend server is generated by [Express](http://expressjs.com/) generator.
The code sturcture is look like the following figure:

![Code Structure of Ness](https://i.imgur.com/A8wxXaF.png)

In the root of source code, there are two important folder:

- **routes**
- **external_module**

The **"routes"** folder contains several js files, and these files contains **"routers"** those are used to handle user request.

The **"external_modules"** folder contains serval program, help backend to process stock data, like data analyzer and data loader.


## Developer

- [Ku Chen-Hao](https://maple52046.github.io) <[maple52046@gmail.com](mailto:maple52046@gmail.com)>
